Kim Kardashian and Kanye West stepped out for Valentine's Day Tuesday.
The Famous hit-maker and the reality TV queen were snapped in New York City, enjoying a romantic dinner at the swanky eatery Carbone.
Kanye, 39, and Kim, 36, both matched in dark colors on the night for lovers in the city that never sleeps.
Out and about: Kim Kardashian, 36, and Kanye West, 39, stepped out for Valentine's Day Tuesday in New York City
Primping up: The parents-of-two, who reunited in the Big Apple a day before, hit the town for a meal at Carbone for the holiday
Style icon: Kim matched well as she showed off her cleavage and pins in a sexy black ensemble
The Keeping Up With The Kardashians beauty was sexy as ever in a puffy black jacket with a tight black top that showed plenty of cleavage. The sexy socialite, who's been spending time with sister Khloe working out as of late, showed off her gams in a velvety black slit maxi skirt.
The mother-of-two, sporting expensive jewelry on both hands and around her neck, rounded out the fashionable ensemble with textured black knee-high boots with heels. The style icon had her long, lustrous black mane parted and down during her outing to the eatery, a local favorite among celebs.
The Grammy Award-winning artist, who's in the Big Apple preparing for a show for his Yeezy line on Wednesday, wore a dark brown leather jacket over a black sweater and black pants with white trainers. West, who's sporting a bleach-blond 'do, wore a gold necklace.
Hand-in-hand: It's been a difficult six-month stretch for the couple, but they seemed to be on stable footing with the romantic meal
Back in the spotlight: Kanye will present his Yeezy season 5 collection as part of New York Fashion Week Wednesday
Say cheese: The pop culture superstars are always the focal point of celebrity photogs
One for the gram: A lucky fan snapped a selfie with Kim, who re-released her best-seller Selfish last fall with new shots
Grand entrance: The E! starlet's mystique and aura is evident as she makes her way into the city
Kim arrived in New York Monday after, a family insider told People, she and the Paranoid rapper 'spent the weekend apart so Kanye could focus on' the New York Fashion Week unveiling of his Yeezy season 5 collection.
'There is definitely some concern that the show will be too much stress for him,' the source told the magazine, noting that the Jesus Walks artist 'gets so involved [with his work,] it’s hard for him to not get obsessed.'
Keeping in mind the Hold My Liquor singer's November hospitalization in Los Angeles due to excessive stress and exhaustion, Kim has been extra attentive toward her spouse and 'keeps checking in to make sure he gets enough sleep,' as events as such have 'been very bad for him in the past.'
HFish是一款针对企业安全场景的社区型免费蜜罐，旨在提高用户在失陷感知和威胁情报领域的综合能力。它从内网失陷检测、外网威胁感知和威胁情报生产三个场景出发，为用户提供独立且实用的功能，通过中低交互蜜罐来增强用户的安全防护能力。
HFish具有多种独特的特性，包括超过40种蜜罐环境、免费的云蜜网、高度自定义的蜜饵能力、一键部署、跨平台多架构支持、国产操作系统和CPU的适配、极低的性能要求、以及多种告警方式如邮件、syslog、webhook、企业微信、钉钉和飞书等。这些特性有助于降低用户的运维成本，提高运营效率。
HFish支持分布式多节点部署。HFish采用B/S架构，系统由管理端和节点端组成，管理端用来生成和管理节点端，并接收、分析和展示节点端回传的数据，节点端接受管理端的控制并负责构建蜜罐服务。在HFish中，管理端只用于数据的分析和展示，节点端进行虚拟蜜罐，最后由蜜罐来承受攻击。

————————————————

                            版权声明：本文为博主原创文章，遵循 CC 4.0 BY-SA 版权协议，转载请附上原文出处链接和本声明。
                        
原文链接：https://blog.csdn.net/ybdesire/article/details/133930632
